MTA-2110 doc review by mpershina (#858)
windup/windup-documentation: docs/topics/mta-export-questionnaire.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="mta-export-questionnaire_{context}"]
= Exporting an assessment questionnaire

> In the {ProductName} ({ProductShortName}) 7.0, you can export an assessment questionnaire to the desired location on your system. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the {ProductFullName} 7.0, you can export an assessment questionnaire to the desired location on your system. 
```
Pedantic - but we added this attribute for things like this

Author: Hah, yup, I was just unsure about it since I saw both options throughout the doc :-)
